Upgrade wasmvm aka go-cosmwasm (#311)
CosmWasm/wasmd: x/wasm/README.md

[wasm]
# This is the maximum sdk gas (wasm and storage) that we allow for any x/wasm "smart" queries
query_gas_limit = 300000

> # This defines the memory size for wasm contract instances that we can keep cached for speed-up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This defines the memory size for Wasm modules that we can keep cached to speed-up instantiation
```

# The value is in MiB not bytes

> lru_cache_size = 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
memory_cache_size = 300
```

The type of cache (lru) is an implementation detail that can change any time. Also we can now encourage using the cache by setting a few hundred MiB for it.
